He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.